I gave temporal feature analysis a crack according to CLIP Hitchhiker, but only had an hour or two experiment with this so it is very crude. The jupyter notebook hitchiker.ipynb presents the code and a rough text description of what each cell does, but in principle the pipeline for performing a larger scale analysis should be in place with this notebook. 

Using a sample video involving construction and operator training (I was largely interested in seeing if images related to trucks and buses were associated with the highest activating neurons, because these things are both in the sampel video and in imagenet-mini. Plus, I remember observing multiple neurons associated with buses and trucks being generated when testing). 

At a high level, I computed similarity scores by taking the softmax of the set of inner products of text and frame embeddings supplied by the text and image encoder of CLIP. The text was "construction hardhat dirt truck forest operator operator", which is a rough description of what is in the video, and biases the feature space towards the text description rather than the video. This is probably not the best way to do this, but it gave a set of weights that add to 1. They all ranged from 0.01-0.04, and I'm not sure it that would yield fruitful weights, or if this is just within normal variation of randomly instantiated embeddings. 

Finally, I hooked into the CLIPVisionModel where the SAE was trained, compiled a list of these preactivations for each frame in the video, and then computed a single weighted average of these preactivations and ran them through the SAE. Please navigate to hitchhiker.ipynb within the github repo or in the lightning ai studio for a walkthrough of the code and a list and the highest activating images associated to the highest activating neurons for the weighted pre-activation. Needless to say, the images did not seem to align with the content of the video, albeit this was a very crude analysis. See future work tab! This notebook should more or less be transferable to larger scale analysis with a more powerful SAE, larger dataset, and more advanced temporal analysis metrics!